hey guys we're taking that leftover
pasta you have hanging out in the fridge
and turning it into a simple and
nutritious lunch that you could take
with you on the go any day of the week
I'm Danny's fees and for this quick bite
I'm making my tuna pasta salad
other than dicing up your onions and
your celery this recipe is pretty much
assembly only and it uses a handful of
ingredients that you probably already
have on hand so get yourself a nice big
bowl and to that you're going to add one
cup of diced up onion a cup of diced
celery two cans of tuna packed in water
that I've already rinsed and drained
three cups of precooked whole-grain
pasta a cup of frozen peas that are
defrosted two tablespoons of mayo a half
a cup of plain Greek yogurt now I find
by combining a couple tablespoons of
mayo with the Greek yogurt you still get
that nice rich flavor that Mayo brings
without needing an entire cup of
mayonnaise one tablespoon of red wine
vinegar a fat pinch of salt and some
fresh ground pepper and we're just going
to bring that all together just keep on
mixing till it's all combined growing up
in an Italian kitchen we had pasta for
dinner probably three or four days a
week but nowadays I find the best way
for me to incorporate pasta into my diet
is to one make sure I'm using whole
grain pasta and to always eat it in
combination with some type of protein
and/or vegetable really when it comes
down to is making sure that I think of
pasta as my side dish and not my main
dish okay looking good here we are in
the homestretch just going to give it a
taste to make sure all the seasonings
are on mmm a little more black pepper
now what I like to do is pack this into
individual containers this way I have
them ready to go in the fridge and then
once the week gets going I know that if
I'm busy or if I my way out the door
I have pre-made delicious well-balanced
meals waiting for me so the next time
you're looking for a quick and simple
lunch idea that you can make ahead and
bring on the go be sure to try out this
tuna pasta salad for more simple and
nutritious recipes tips and ideas make
sure to check out clean and delicious
calm i'm danny Spees and i'll see you
next time with another quick byte really
the bottom line